docs: modify docs on doc testing to reflect code snippet execution (#860)
denoland/docs: runtime/fundamentals/testing.md

determined by the language identifier attribute which may be one of the
following:

- `js`
- `javascript`
- `mjs`
- `cjs`
- `jsx`
- `ts`
- `typescript`
- `mts`
- `cts`
- `tsx`

If no language identifier is specified then the language is inferred from media
type of the source document that the code block is extracted from.

```sh
deno test --doc example.ts
```

The above command will extract this example, turn it into a pseudo test case
that looks like below:

```ts title="example.ts$4-10.ts" ignore
import { assertEquals } from "jsr:@std/assert/equals";
import { add } from "file:///path/to/example.ts";

Deno.test("example.ts$4-10.ts", async () => {
  const sum = add(1, 2);
  assertEquals(sum, 3);
});
```

and then run it as a standalone module living in the same directory as the
module being documented.

:::tip Want to type-check only?

If you want to type-check your code snippets in JSDoc and markdown files without
actually running them, you can use [`deno check`](/runtime/reference/cli/check/)
command with `--doc` option (for JSDoc) or with `--doc-only` option (for
markdown) instead.

:::

### Exported items are automatically imported

> Looking at the generated test code above carefully, you will notice that it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking at the generated test code above, you will notice that it
```

> includes the `import` statement to import the `add` fucntion even though the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
includes the `import` statement to import the `add` function even though the
```

> original code block does not have it. Briefly, all items imported from the
> module being documented are automatically imported into the generated test code
> with the same name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
original code block does not have it. When documenting a module, any imported items are automatically included in the generated test code using with the same name.
```

Author: Oh I now realized that the original sentence was wrong. What I meant is "any exported items from the module will automatically get imported in the generated test code using the same name". I'll fix the sentence anyway following your suggestion 👍

Author: Fixed [610af29](https://github.com/denoland/docs/pull/860/commits/610af29aeb9a24a412ff07a14bbf7df4867c0dd6)
